README.md, before:

# pad-boardstats

This is a library which simplifies the process of simulating boards and
checking for how often conditions are met.

For example, you might want to see how often you get a fire, water, wood match
in a natural board. 

```python
config = standard_config(minimum_counts={'r': 3, 'b': 3, 'g': 3})
run_test(config)
```

Maybe you want to see how often you get at least 10 green orbs and 10 red orbs
in a tricolor.

```python
config = standard_config(
    natural=False,
    orb_types=['r', 'b', 'g'],
    minimum_counts={'r': 10, 'g': 10})
run_test(config)
```

### Getting Started

For a quick start, check out `sim.py` which is the main driver, and `tests.py`
for some example configurations.

Take a look at `config.py` for more details about how to set up a
configuration. The `Config` object has some helpers that make setting it up
easy for common use cases, and if you need more complex use cases, you can create
your own `Validator` objects.

Support is available for match-N leads (defaults to 3) and alternate board
sizes (defaults to 6x5).

There are some unit tests in `validation.py`.

### Note about board generation

There is some discussion over the method PAD uses to generate boards,
specifically regarding the 'minimum orb count'. It's a fact that every board
change in PAD spawns at least 3 orbs of each color. We've confirmed that for
actual 'board changes' (note that there is a different active type which
spawns orbs) this implementation is correct.

### Sample output

Here are the outputs for Reiwa:

```
reiwa 5x6 natural board
Done: 15704 success 34296 fail, 31.41%

reiwa 5x6 5-color
Done: 43137 success 6863 fail, 86.27%

reiwa 5x6 ygf (exact reiwa colors)
Done: 48903 success 1097 fail, 97.81%
```

Commit message:

Update the readme to say that I am not the author.

README.md, after:

# pad-boardstats

I am not the author. This is forked from https://github.com/nachoapps/pad-boardstats

This is a library which simplifies the process of simulating boards and
checking for how often conditions are met.

For example, you might want to see how often you get a fire, water, wood match
in a natural board. 

```python
config = standard_config(minimum_counts={'r': 3, 'b': 3, 'g': 3})
run_test(config)
```

Maybe you want to see how often you get at least 10 green orbs and 10 red orbs
in a tricolor.

```python
config = standard_config(
    natural=False,
    orb_types=['r', 'b', 'g'],
    minimum_counts={'r': 10, 'g': 10})
run_test(config)
```

### Getting Started

For a quick start, check out `sim.py` which is the main driver, and `tests.py`
for some example configurations.

Take a look at `config.py` for more details about how to set up a
configuration. The `Config` object has some helpers that make setting it up
easy for common use cases, and if you need more complex use cases, you can create
your own `Validator` objects.

Support is available for match-N leads (defaults to 3) and alternate board
sizes (defaults to 6x5).

There are some unit tests in `validation.py`.

### Note about board generation

There is some discussion over the method PAD uses to generate boards,
specifically regarding the 'minimum orb count'. It's a fact that every board
change in PAD spawns at least 3 orbs of each color. We've confirmed that for
actual 'board changes' (note that there is a different active type which
spawns orbs) this implementation is correct.

### Sample output

Here are the outputs for Reiwa:

```
reiwa 5x6 natural board
Done: 15704 success 34296 fail, 31.41%

reiwa 5x6 5-color
Done: 43137 success 6863 fail, 86.27%

reiwa 5x6 ygf (exact reiwa colors)
Done: 48903 success 1097 fail, 97.81%
```
